README.md, before:

## Laravel Youtube Library
This library is used for fetching videos and channels from youtube using a URL.

### Dependencies

* [vinelab/http](https://github.com/Vinelab/http)

### Installation
* Clone the repository from [here](https://bitbucket.org/adibhanna/youtube).
* Edit app.php and add ```Najem\Videos\VideosServiceProvider```
* the ```Youtube``` Facade can be used to access the package's functionalities.

### Usage
* To fetch a video by id use ```Youtube::video($url)```
this will return an object of type ```Najem\Videos\Video```

#### Response

```json
object(Vinelab\Youtube\Video)[180]
  public 'kind' => string 'youtube#video' (length=13)
  public 'id' => string '1j1MBSwg44A' (length=11)
  public 'etag' => string '"ePFRUfYBkeQ2ncpP9OLHKB0fDw4/ZsQyzEl5gbrEkz55D3fNHwM1RUM"' (length=57)
  public 'sync_enabled' => boolean true
  public 'synced_at' => string '2014-05-08T15:55:06+00:00' (length=25)
  public 'snippet' => 
    array (size=5)
      'publishedAt' => string '2013-07-02T16:11:38.000Z' (length=24)
      'channelId' => string 'UCUuseKzXVxgBCnSy8KU90jg' (length=24)
      'title' => string 'Pink Floyd - Comfortably Numb (Cover by Hayajan)' (length=48)
      'description' => string 'Hayajan | Ya Bay: Lyrics of Comfortably Numb wr'... (length=675)
      'channelTitle' => string 'Alaa Wardi' (length=10)
  public 'thumbnails' => 
    array (size=5)
      'default' => string 'https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/1j1MBSwg44A/default.jpg' (length=47)
      'medium' => string 'https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/1j1MBSwg44A/mqdefault.jpg' (length=49)
      'high' => string 'https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/1j1MBSwg44A/hqdefault.jpg' (length=49)
      'standard' => string 'https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/1j1MBSwg44A/sddefault.jpg' (length=49)
      'maxres' => string 'https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/1j1MBSwg44A/maxresdefault.jpg' (length=53)
```

* To fetch a Channel by name or by id use ```Youtube::channel($url)```
this will return an object of type ```Najem\Videos\Channel```

#### Response

```json
object(Najem\Videos\Channel)[209]
  protected 'data' =>
    array (size=14)
      'kind' => string 'youtube#channel' (length=15)
      'etag' => string '"ePFRUfYBkeQ2ncpP9OLHKB0fDw4/53nIEDRhzjlzEN0ZZf1TQ5Oyr_0"' (length=57)
      'sync_enabled' => boolean true
      'id' => string 'UCBsKiXTgZrg0tqz4yz_R5Tw' (length=24)
      'synced_at' => string '2014-05-08T15:56:10+00:00' (length=25)
      'title' => string 'adib hanna' (length=10)
      'description' => string '' (length=0)
      'published_at' => string '2009-12-27T22:46:00.000Z' (length=24)
      'default_thumb' => string 'https://yt3.ggpht.com/-xRortO695HE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/b2VPZd_ZNsk/s88-c-k-no/photo.jpg' (length=91)
      'medium_thumb' => string 'https://yt3.ggpht.com/-xRortO695HE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/b2VPZd_ZNsk/s240-c-k-no/photo.jpg' (length=92)
      'high_thumb' => string 'https://yt3.ggpht.com/-xRortO695HE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/b2VPZd_ZNsk/s240-c-k-no/photo.jpg' (length=92)
      'playlist_likes' => string 'LLBsKiXTgZrg0tqz4yz_R5Tw' (length=24)
      'playlist_uploads' => string 'UUBsKiXTgZrg0tqz4yz_R5Tw' (length=24)
      'google_plus_user_id' => string '113619238331121062947' (length=21)
      'videos' =>
        object(Najem\Videos\VideoCollection)[177]
          protected 'items' =>
            array (size=2)
      0 =>
        object(Najem\Videos\Video)[207]
          public 'kind' => string 'youtube#video' (length=13)
          public 'id' => string 'cdy2iLDznbI' (length=11)
          public 'etag' => string '"LFawZk2qAkq9bosMnzaQJqPHO_0/lXpe47wULVDBmjpY0A3wMuM2PpQ"' (length=57)
          public 'sync_enabled' => boolean true
          public 'snippet' =>
            array (size=5)
              ...
          public 'thumbnails' =>
            array (size=3)
              ...
      1 =>
        object(Najem\Videos\Video)[208]
          public 'kind' => string 'youtube#video' (length=13)
          public 'id' => string '4l5M0vvOnjc' (length=11)
          public 'etag' => string '"LFawZk2qAkq9bosMnzaQJqPHO_0/af1eeVp2yks5Z1PgoBwAtyQK578"' (length=57)
          public 'sync_enabled' => boolean true
          public 'snippet' =>
            array (size=5)
              ...
          public 'thumbnails' =>
            array (size=3)
              ...
```

#### Sync

* To sync the ```Videos|Channels``` use ```Youtube::sync($resource)```
this will return the changed object ```Video|Channel```.
* if the saved data was changed manually, you won't be able to sync the data, this means that the ```sync_enabled``` 
value is set to ```false```.
* if a video and a channel were passed to the sync method, or an empty(deleted) channel or video
an ```IncompatibleParametersObjectTypesException``` will be thrown.

#### URL Validation
* To validate the given URLs, you can use use ```Vinelab\Youtube\Validators\VideoValidator``` Class.
* Use the ```validate``` method and pass the urls to it.

### Example
```php
$this->validator->validate(compact('url', 'url1', 'url2', 'url3'));
```
* If the validation failes, an ```InvalidVideoException``` will be thrown.

Commit message:

update read me file documentation

README.md, after:

# Laravel Youtube Library
This library is used for fetching videos and channels from youtube using a URL.

### Dependencies

* [vinelab/http](https://github.com/Vinelab/http)

### Installation
1. Include using Composer: `"vinelab/youtube" : "*"`
2. Add the service provider
`'Vinelab\Youtube\YoutubeServiceProvider'`
3. Add the Facade `'Youtube'         => 'Vinelab\Youtube\Facades\Youtube'`
4. Publish the config file `php artisan config:publish Vinelab/youtube`
5. Add your key to the config file
 
### Usage
Use the `Youtube` Facade to access the package's functionalities.
___

#### `Youtube::video($url)`

>> To fetch a video use `Youtube::video($url)`
this will return an object of type `Najem\Videos\Video`

Note: you can fetch multiple `videos` at once by passing an `array` of `Url's`, to `Youtube::videos($urls)` or even `Youtube::video($urls)`.

##### Response:

```json
object(Vinelab\Youtube\Video)[180]
  public 'kind' => string 'youtube#video' (length=13)
  public 'id' => string '1j1MBSwg44A' (length=11)
  public 'etag' => string '"ePFRUfYBkeQ2ncpP9OLHKB0fDw4/ZsQyzEl5gbrEkz55D3fNHwM1RUM"' (length=57)
  public 'sync_enabled' => boolean true
  public 'synced_at' => string '2014-05-08T15:55:06+00:00' (length=25)
  public 'snippet' => 
    array (size=5)
      'publishedAt' => string '2013-07-02T16:11:38.000Z' (length=24)
      'channelId' => string 'UCUuseKzXVxgBCnSy8KU90jg' (length=24)
      'title' => string 'Pink Floyd - Comfortably Numb (Cover by Hayajan)' (length=48)
      'description' => string 'Hayajan | Ya Bay: Lyrics of Comfortably Numb wr'... (length=675)
      'channelTitle' => string 'Alaa Wardi' (length=10)
  public 'thumbnails' => 
    array (size=5)
      'default' => string 'https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/1j1MBSwg44A/default.jpg' (length=47)
      'medium' => string 'https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/1j1MBSwg44A/mqdefault.jpg' (length=49)
      'high' => string 'https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/1j1MBSwg44A/hqdefault.jpg' (length=49)
      'standard' => string 'https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/1j1MBSwg44A/sddefault.jpg' (length=49)
      'maxres' => string 'https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/1j1MBSwg44A/maxresdefault.jpg' (length=53)
```
___

#### `Youtube::channel($url)`

>> To fetch a Channel use `Youtube::channel($url)`
this will return an object of type `Najem\Videos\Channel`

##### Response:

```json
object(Najem\Videos\Channel)[209]
  protected 'data' =>
    array (size=14)
      'kind' => string 'youtube#channel' (length=15)
      'etag' => string '"ePFRUfYBkeQ2ncpP9OLHKB0fDw4/53nIEDRhzjlzEN0ZZf1TQ5Oyr_0"' (length=57)
      'sync_enabled' => boolean true
      'id' => string 'UCBsKiXTgZrg0tqz4yz_R5Tw' (length=24)
      'synced_at' => string '2014-05-08T15:56:10+00:00' (length=25)
      'title' => string 'adib hanna' (length=10)
      'description' => string '' (length=0)
      'published_at' => string '2009-12-27T22:46:00.000Z' (length=24)
      'default_thumb' => string 'https://yt3.ggpht.com/-xRortO695HE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/b2VPZd_ZNsk/s88-c-k-no/photo.jpg' (length=91)
      'medium_thumb' => string 'https://yt3.ggpht.com/-xRortO695HE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/b2VPZd_ZNsk/s240-c-k-no/photo.jpg' (length=92)
      'high_thumb' => string 'https://yt3.ggpht.com/-xRortO695HE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/b2VPZd_ZNsk/s240-c-k-no/photo.jpg' (length=92)
      'playlist_likes' => string 'LLBsKiXTgZrg0tqz4yz_R5Tw' (length=24)
      'playlist_uploads' => string 'UUBsKiXTgZrg0tqz4yz_R5Tw' (length=24)
      'google_plus_user_id' => string '113619238331121062947' (length=21)
      'videos' =>
        object(Najem\Videos\VideoCollection)[177]
          protected 'items' =>
            array (size=2)
      0 =>
        object(Najem\Videos\Video)[207]
          public 'kind' => string 'youtube#video' (length=13)
          public 'id' => string 'cdy2iLDznbI' (length=11)
          public 'etag' => string '"LFawZk2qAkq9bosMnzaQJqPHO_0/lXpe47wULVDBmjpY0A3wMuM2PpQ"' (length=57)
          public 'sync_enabled' => boolean true
          public 'snippet' =>
            array (size=5)
              ...
          public 'thumbnails' =>
            array (size=3)
              ...
      1 =>
        object(Najem\Videos\Video)[208]
          public 'kind' => string 'youtube#video' (length=13)
          public 'id' => string '4l5M0vvOnjc' (length=11)
          public 'etag' => string '"LFawZk2qAkq9bosMnzaQJqPHO_0/af1eeVp2yks5Z1PgoBwAtyQK578"' (length=57)
          public 'sync_enabled' => boolean true
          public 'snippet' =>
            array (size=5)
              ...
          public 'thumbnails' =>
            array (size=3)
              ...
```

#### Sync

* To sync the ```Videos|Channels``` use ```Youtube::sync($resource)```
this will return the changed object ```Video|Channel```.
* if the saved data was changed manually, you won't be able to sync the data, this means that the ```sync_enabled``` 
value is set to ```false```.
* if a video and a channel were passed to the sync method, or an empty(deleted) channel or video
an ```IncompatibleParametersObjectTypesException``` will be thrown.

#### URL Validation
* To validate the given URLs, you can use use ```Vinelab\Youtube\Validators\VideoValidator``` Class.
* Use the ```validate``` method and pass the urls to it.

### Example
```php
$this->validator->validate(compact('url', 'url1', 'url2', 'url3'));
```
* If the validation failes, an ```InvalidVideoException``` will be thrown.
